I want to build an app/site that allows me to send stock picks to paying members so that they can buy stocks low, and sell at pre-determined levels. The app does not need to actually buy or sell the stock, it is simply informing the user of the best stock opportunities. The app will have a free tier, and premium tiers. The app will also include education and weekly articles. For the free tier you have access to the introductory lessons and the weekly sumaries but not the stock picks and exits. Here are some features I would like to app to have:
1. ability for me to fill out a form to alert a new stock that we recommend as a buy with things like buy zone, 3 potential targets to sell the stock, technical reasons to buy the stock (a list i can chose from). 
2. when I alert a stock, it goes onto the alerts page as a new alert, encouraging users to buy that stock in their investment account and they can read the alert and why it's a good idea to buy. Each stock alerted will have 3-5 different target prices for conversative, regular, and aggressive targets depending on how long thr user wants to hold the stock and how aggressive they want their gains to be. 
3. The user can then check that they bought the stock so that it becomes a part of their "portfolio" for tracking purposes. They can enter information as to how much of that stock they bought. They can then check boxes for what alerts they want to recieve in the future - when it reaches target 1, tagret 2, target 3, or reaches a certain target percentage that they can enter
4. When a stock hits a certain price target, let's say going from $10 to $20, we then alert the user that they should sell the stock for a profit and then find another stock to buy from our target list. They will do this on their own in their portfolio through their broker, but will needto say they sold the stock in their "portfolio" for tracking purposes. This is done via push notification, email, and/or text message.
5. The front page also includes a list of "stocks still in the buy zone" that were previously alerted but remain in the buy zone we specified at the the time of alert. So if they miss an alert they can go in and still buy them
6. The frotn page also includes a list of "stocks nearing target 1" "stocks nearing target2" stocks nearing target 3" and so on. which is within 10% of that target price using live stock data. 
7. users can access the education zone where they can watch videos and see articles about different stock trading topics. Free users get access to the beginner sections and have to upgrade to premium to see the rest.
8. Ability to see thir "portolio" online and track gains and successes. this isn't a real investment portfolio but similates what they bouht via their input. 
9. ability to book 1on1 coaching sessions for a fee. 